Joyce
hello
however,
for billie thank you very much,
indeed everyone for coming it's my job just to welcome you to this
pre conference workshops i've got the the warm up act on its really just to kind of
get you into the system and to tell you a little bit about what we're gonna be doing this
afternoon.
First of all,
just say delighted that so many people have come today this is a bit of an experiment for
us and a departure from what we've typically done for the last ten years or more
in introducing a pre conference workshop just to try and shake things up a little bit get
you to be doing things in the platform and spending more time with
each other so that hopefully when we start the main conference day tomorrow you're all
warmed up,
you know each other a little bit more on dh you hit the ground running
so there's going to be more people attending tomorrow's wealth.
This is kind of a subset of all the registrations,
but it's a great great turnouts already.
So in terms of the the set up for this afternoon,
what we have are three interactive presentations from three
members of our audience here we got well small three
moments we got,
say,
chris on laura and top from the university of sheffield here we have
alison from the echo three sixty team from our asia pacific team
on we have perry who some of you may have heard all met before
from our echo three sixty team they're gonna be each giving different
presentations difference of flavors of presentations on
opportunities for you to interact and discuss there's
gonna be a break after the first session is slightly longer than some of the others on the kind of got a
point that way this drinks and other things behind you sir guard these doors and go
around to the back but also we have the two presentations after the
session all in here but you're going to involve using the system and having
conversations there's gonna be an opportunity for q and a and just a general q and a at the
end and they were into the other the welcome reception so there's drinks sends
food available from five o'clock
one of the key things about this conference is getting you two no more want to be more
confident with using echo three sixty and getting tips from other people about how to use echo
three sixty so i want to you to do now is to if you have a
device is to log in we're going to be using the system in various
ways for the next day and a half so it's great opportunity if you log in now
teo to be open running it's be ready for a variety of this well
the different sessions that we're gonna be running allison you handle
press your button and let's do some where it's really just
you okay but i can tell the whole room i'm okay
because good points i should do a bit of housekeeping good
ok a few housekeeping pointers thank you there is eh jerome
access in this room for people who are university members
across the uk there's also the cloud so if you're not from the u k
i'm not from hate she proper something that many people here in the room today that would apply to
but you can logging used in the cloud in terms of the space that we've
got.
You'll notice that when else and ask the question we too have microphones that you can just
press the button and speak and obviously that would be recorded as we're recording each of these sessions
the other points as well to notice that we have power available for each of the
seats in the room that's available just in this sort of behind the
seats where you're sitting there are toilets also available
on dh please just kind of move around go to the toilets do whatever you want to whenever you need
to they're just sort of round the back of here back through to the reception area that we
all came through on just i think so i decide i think of the reception
any other point is there are no plant fire alarms i
believe thief fire exits are back through the main door that we all came through that correct
johnny thank you for joining the really.
The point is they need to be aware ofthe for this space.
Okay?
Okay,
now i'm gonna pause for a second and just check that people have been ableto log in.
Um if you see a few naughty heads,
don't be shy if you haven't been out to log in and you do have a device because the
razor fresh,
small sort of icebreaker activity once you are locked in.
Okay?
Anybody struggling?
Uh,
okay.
Okay,
maybe silicon run down showing to wanna run down.
Just check that she's logged in.
All right,
well logged him,
but registered certainly for that particular course.
Maybe you've been missed out.
You're saying ok,
alison,
you can log into
okay.
Okay.
We'll check that later.
Anybody else you call against the network?
My
insurance should work for your issues that you changed your mind.
Okay?
Any other problems from anyone?
Okay,
okay,
hopefully you've been out so long in,
but i'd like you to two.
We've got obviously got a few people who can't remember will try and address that
what i like to do is just introduce yourselves to everyone you may have
seen in echo three sixty we have a discussion tool,
and so what we would like you to do is to open up the first class sae's welcoming introductions
for the pre conference session.
Andi click on the discussion icon i'm just post a little
message just about yourself where you're from on dh we're
looking forward to really in this the next day and a half
on the point of this is that discussion panel is available for the
rest of this session today,
but equally as other people present over the next day and a half,
there will be the opportunity for you to pose questions and so that's that the best place
to put the questions so the presenters and other people who were facilitating can check
them out and make sure that your questions there,
a rancid okay
can keep tabs on your i can see and hear if any,
uh,
poster made have i got anything in here?
Fantastic,
great.
So please just keep posting on dh yeah,
i'll give you a little too
way,
way coming here so we should start with
said she'll,
um,
okay.
Intrigued by increasing overlap between ac three sixteen culture provocative,
good start choice thank you,
uh,
steven meets that with new friends,
old friends good from buster you have the whole idea of networking is left one of the key aspects of this.
So please do do mix and do talk introduce yourselves to each other
moving over from ss university of not again.
So yeah,
that's a big one on dh.
If anybody is done that recently has migrated,
then please do talk to terry who's just sitting just over there with his hand up.
Yeah,
we got rob.
Here we rob is that this is your first conference?
Don't put your hand up as an echo.
Three sixty employee he used to work at king's college london.
This was on the other side of the fence last this time.
Last year went so well.
Yeah,
ask him also difficult questions,
but i got three,
sixty years ago to the day rod,
look forward to seeing that he is from the opt out workshop.
Ok?
Fantastic.
And i'm kind of conscious of time about a minute before they the next session.
So we now have the opportunity of posting
a question with a response into here.
We got a lot of responses are very,
very pleased in there.
Please,
if you haven't done it yet,
when you get the opportunity,
please to sound something,
i think you're gonna be drugged out of your seats shortly so you're gonna be too
comfortable for too long.
So i'm gonna hand you over now,
teo,
to chris and the others.
And we're gonna move on to the first session of this workshop.